Simulation:

Algorithms:
    The general map:
        Determine what type of map it is (generous, scarce, special, normal)
        Statistical analysis (num terr w.r.t. bonus value)
        Territory value (the income a territory gives when controlling all bonuses)
        Turns it takes to get the whole bonus
        Score of neighbouring bonuses (the higher the score, the better neighbouring bonuses it has)
        defendability of a bonus w.r.t. neighbouring bonuses (num outgoing edges)
    The distribution standing:
        Cost of a bonus w.r.t. bonus value (take num armies into account)
        Score of neighbouring bonuses (Now with the cost taken in mind)
        
    Picking strategy
        When we have determined which bonuses are the best for picking, we can determine what pick order would be the best
        

In the best scenario, a player wants to be able to determine what the opponent gets and what not (they want to be in control of the game). 
Assuming both players have the same income at all times, you want better positioning:
    - Uncontested bonuses you control or can control (each territory in this bonus does not border an opponent player)
    - Contest bonuses your opponent controls or can control

In this project, we will assume that income is gained only from controlling bonuses. 
In practice, there are other ways to gain income, but controlling bonuses is almost always the main component in income.
To have uncontested bonuses and meanwhile contest bonuses of your opponent, you want to dominate the map.
But not by territories, but by bonuses.

Individual territories are worth nothing, unless you have control over all territories in a bonus. 
We want to find domination sets of territories that dominate bonuses, not territories. 


From the picking distribution, we can simulate with domination algorithms which picks result in more control in the game.
Possible algorithms
Simple algorithm:
    1. Make all possible combinations of picks (for n players and m picks per player)
    2. Simulate expansion for each player with infinite income at the same time
       For each territory we have the following cases:
        a. If only 1 player can take the territory, it gets the territory
        b. If none of more than 1 player can take the territory, none will get the territory
    3. Count the total income for each player and store results

Logic:
    - Since players have infinite income, there is no move that is deemed to be too expensive
    - Since all players have infinite income and move at the same time, when 2 or more players try to expand to a new territory in the same iteration, the result is undefined


domination algorithm
    1. Make all possible combinations of picks (for n players and m picks per player)
    2. Determine the dominating set for each player, assuming they are the only player
    3. Simulate expansion for each player at the same time
        3a. Determine the best next territory to dominate the map
        3b. At all times, on of the following cases applies
            a. Only player A wants territory x, so player A gets territory x
            b. More than 2 players want territory x, so no player gets territory x (x is marked as non-controllable)
    4. If there are no moves left for all players, stop iterating
    5. Calculate how much income each player "controls" (i.e. they are the only player that dominate the bonus)

    How to determine the best next territory?
        Territories that border at least 1 opponent territory become frozen

Logic:
    - Each player only invest the minimum amount of resources to expand, the rest of their resources is spend taking "totally dominated" bonuses


simulation
    We know the projected successrate of all attacks on players
    What determines whether an attack fails or succeeds?
        - Income
        - Defense/Attack percentage of agents
        - Position of territories?

77782, 57540